README.md, before:

# SF.lua
SF.lua (o.n. SAMPFUNCSLUA) - is library that allows you to interact with SA-MP. Is a translation of [SAMPFUNCS](https://www.blast.hk/threads/17/) in Lua.  
Version: 0.78-alpha.

## Authors
Look in file [AUTHORS](https://github.com/imring/SF.lua/blob/master/AUTHORS).  
Also thanks to BlastHack Team for help in developing.

## Progress
SF.lua is currently 78% developed.

## New functions
```lua
bool result = sampIsPlayerDefined(int id)
uint scorePtr = sampGetScoreboardInfoPtr()
zstring nick = sampGetLocalPlayerNickname()
int id = sampGetLocalPlayerId()
uint color = sampGetLocalPlayerColor()
sampAddChatMessageEx(int type, zstring text, zstring prefix, uint color, uint pcolor)
sampSetPlayerColor(int id, uint color)
bool result = sampIsVehicleDefined(int id)
int model, int type = sampGetPickupModelTypeBySampId(int id)
sampAddDeathMessage(zstring killer, zstring killed, uint clKiller, uint clKilled, int reason)
zstring button1, zstring button2 = sampGetDialogButtons()
```

Commit message:

changed file "README.md" & license.

README.md, after:

# SF.lua
<p align="center"><img src="/logo.png" height="250px" /></p>

SF.lua is library for [MoonLoader](https://www.blast.hk/moonloader), which provides an opportunity to interact with SA-MP. This library doesn't replace all [SAMPFUNCS](https://www.blast.hk/sampfuncs), it just adds new functions for Lua script.

## Progress
At the moment, SF.lua is done at 78%, of this left:
* Events onSendRpc/onSendPacket/etc;
* Functions with sending RPC/Packet;
* Custom handler of commands.

## Functional
There will be no functions in SF.lua:
* Associated with the creation/editing of custom windows DXUT;
* Interaction with SAMPFUNCS/CLEO.

There are also new features for easy interaction.

## Members
Main developers: [imring](https://github.com/imring), [DonHomka](https://github.com/DonHomka), [THE-FYP](https://github.com/THE-FYP), [4el0ve4ik](https://github.com/4el0ve4ik)  
Also thanks:
* [Akionka](https://github.com/Akionka) - development and testing assistance;
* [crybaby](https://www.behance.net/schweitzerr) - created a logo for this project.

## Installation
Directory **SFlua** copy to path **moonloader/lib**.
